data_management_policy.md, before:

# Data Management Policy

Catalyze has procedures to create and maintain retrievable exact copies of electronic protected health information (ePHI) stored in conjunction with Catalyze Add-ons and for PaaS Customers utilizing our Backup Service. This policy, and associated procedures for testing and restoring from backup data, do not apply to PaaS Customers that do not choose Catalyze Backup Service. The policy and procedures will assure that complete, accurate, retrievable, and tested backups are available for all systems used by Catalyze.
  
Data backup is an important part of the day-to-day operations of Catalyze. To protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of ePHI, both for Catalyze and Catalyze Customers, completes backups are done daily to assure that data remains available when it needed and in case of disaster.

Violation of this policy and its procedures by workforce members may result in corrective disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.

## Applicable Standards from the HITRUST Common Security Framework

* 01.v - Information Access Restriction

## Applicable Standards from the HIPAA Security Rule

* 164.308(a)(7)(ii)(A) - Data Backup Plan
* 164.310(d)(2)(iii) - Accountability
* 164.310(d)(2)(iv) - Data Backup and Storage

## Backup Policy and Procedures

1. Perform daily snapshot backups of all systems that process, store, or transmit ePHI for Catalyze Customers, including PaaS Customers that utilize the Catalyze Backup Service
2. Catalyze Ops Team, lead by VP of Engineering, is designated to be in charge of backups.
3. Dev Ops Team members are trained and assigned assigned to complete backups and manage the backup media.
4. Document backups 
	* Name of the system
	* Date & time of backup
	* Where backup stored (or to whom it was provided)
5. Securely encrypt stored backups in a manner that protects them from loss or environmental damage.
6. Test backups and document that files have been completely and accurately restored from the backup media.

Commit message:

First check-in of policies.  These need to be renamed and re-ordered.  Basically, removing the top level folder and doing all modifications within the /hipaa folder directly.

data_management_policy.md, after:

# Data Management Policy

MolecularMatch has procedures to create and maintain retrievable exact copies of electronic protected health information (ePHI). This policy, and associated procedures for testing and restoring from backup data, has been sub-contracted to a third-party, HIPAA compliant vendor.  We have verified that their policies and procedures meet or exceed our standards and those of HIPAA and the HITRUST Common Security Framework.  As such, we have assurances that that complete, accurate, retrievable, and tested backups are available for all systems hosted by our sub-contractor.  Proof of such due diligence is kept by the Security Officer.
  
Data backup is an important part of the day-to-day operations of our Platform as a Service (PaaS), third-party provider. To protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of ePHI, both for ourselves and by our PaaS provider, our PaaS provider executes daily backups to assure that data remains available when needed and in case of disaster recovery.

Violation of this policy and its procedures by workforce members may result in corrective disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.  Violation of this policy by our PaaS provider will result in legal and punatitive action.

## Applicable Standards from the HITRUST Common Security Framework

* 01.v - Information Access Restriction

## Applicable Standards from the HIPAA Security Rule

* 164.308(a)(7)(ii)(A) - Data Backup Plan
* 164.310(d)(2)(iii) - Accountability
* 164.310(d)(2)(iv) - Data Backup and Storage

## Backup Policy and Procedures

1. Paas provider will perform daily snapshot backups of all systems that process, store, or transmit ePHI.
2. PaaS provider's Ops Team, lead by their VP of Engineering, is designated to be in charge of backups.  Our Security Officer or delegated internal workforce member shall make weekly verifications that such backups exist and retain their original integrity.
3. The PaaS provider's Dev Ops Team members are trained and assigned to complete backups and manage the backup media.
4. Backups are documented as follows: 
	* Name of the system
	* Date & time of backup
	* Where backup is stored (or to whom it was provided)
5. Backups are always securely encrypted in a manner that protects them from loss or environmental damage.
6. Backups are tested and documented that files have been completely and accurately restored from the backup media.
