data_retention_policy.md, before:

# Data Retention Policy

Despite not being a requirement within HIPAA, Catalyze understand and appreciates the importance of health data retention. Acting as a subcontractor, and at times a business associate, Catalyze is not directly responsible for health and medical records retention as set forth by each state. Despite this, Catalyze has created and implemented the following policy to make it easier for Catalyze Customers to support data retention laws.

## State Medical Record Laws

* [Listing of state requirements for medical record retention](http://www.healthit.gov/sites/default/files/appa7-1.pdf)

## Data Retention Policy

* Current Catalyze Customers have data stored by Catalyze as a part of the Catalyze Service.
* Once a Customer ceases to be a Customer, as defined below, the following steps are 
	1. Customer is sent a notice of change of standing, and given the option to reinstate account as 
	2. If no response to notice in #1 above within 7 days, or if Customer responds they do not want to reinstate account, Customer is sent directions for how to download their data from Catalyze and/or to have Catalyze continue to store the data at a rate of $25/month for up to 100GB. If there is more than 100GB of data, Catalyze will work with Customer to determine storage costs.
	3. If Customer downloads data or does not respond to notices from Catalyze within 30 days, Catalyze removed data from Catalyze systems and Customer is sent notice of removal of data.

Commit message:

First check-in of policies.  These need to be renamed and re-ordered.  Basically, removing the top level folder and doing all modifications within the /hipaa folder directly.

data_retention_policy.md, after:

# Data Retention Policy

As required by state and federal record retention requirements including HIPAA, the following policy is used to support data retention laws.

## State Medical Record Laws

* [Listing of state requirements for medical record retention](http://www.healthit.gov/sites/default/files/appa7-1.pdf)

## Data Retention Policy

* Data is stored on PaaS Subcontractor systems as part of subcontracted service. 
* Once we cease to be a Customer, as defined below, the following steps are taken:
	1. Either reinstate the account, if deemed appropriate or necessary. 
	2. If we do not wish to reinstate account, we will download all data in a secure and encrypted manner. 
	3. Otherwise we can request for the existing PaaS Subcontractor to retain backups of existing data for a negotiated price.
	3. After data has been removed from PaaS Subcontractor's servers, both parts will ensure the *Disposable Media Policy* and all other applicable policies will be followed.  As such, no trace of data shall be allowed to remain after leaving PaaS Vendor.
