employees_policy.md, before:

# Employees Policy

Catalyze is committed to ensuring all workforce members actively address security and compliance in their roles at Catalyze. As such, training is imperative to assuring an understanding of current best practices, the different types and sensitivities of data, and the sanctions associated with non-compliance.

## Applicable Standards from the HITRUST Common Security Framework

* 02.e - Information Security Awareness, Education, and Training
* 06.e - Prevention of Misuse of Information Assets
* 07.c - Acceptable Use of Assets
* 08.j - Controls Against Malicious Code
* 01.y - Teleworking

## Applicable Standards from the HIPAA Security Rule

* 164.308(a)(5)(i) - Security Awareness and Training

## Employment Policies

1. All new workforce members, including contractors, are given training on security policies and procedures, including operations security, within 30 days of employment.
	* Records of training are kept for all workforce members.
	* Upon completion of training, workforce members complete this [form](https://docs.google.com/a/catalyze.io/forms/d/1bmEK3TidACj6ForBqGMaINPjIckv9ht28rtkGEQsBGs/viewform?usp=send_form).
	* Ongoing security training is conducted monthly.
	* Current Catalyze training is hosted [here](https://training.catalyze.io/).
2. All workforce members are granted access to formal organizational policies, which include the sanction policy for security violations.
3. The Catalyze Employee Handbook clearly states the responsibilities and acceptable behavior regarding information system usage, including rules for email, Internet, mobile devices and social media usage.
4. Catalyze does not allow mobile devices to conned to any of its production networks. 
5. All workforce members are educated about the approved set of tools to be installed on workstations.
6. All new workforce members are given HIPAA training within 60 days of beginning employment. Training includes HIPAA reporting requirements, including the ability to anonymously report security incidents, and the levels of compliance and obligations for Catalyze and its Customers and Partners.
7. All remote (teleworking) workforce members are trained on the risks, the controls implemented, their responsibilities, and sanctions associated with violation of policies. Additionally, remote security is maintained through the use of VPN tunnels for all access to production systems with access to ePHI data.
8. All Catalyze-purchased and -owned computers are to display this message at login and when the computer is unlocked: *This computer is owned by Catalyze, Inc. By logging in, unlocking, and/or using this computer you acknowledge you have seen, and follow, these policies (https://catalyze.io/policy/) and have completed this training (https://training.catalyze.io/). Please contact us if you have problems with this - privacy@catalyze.io*. 
9. Access to internal Catalyze systems can be requested using this [form](https://docs.google.com/a/catalyze.io/forms/d/1RaDg2rsmwY0l_fu2EFDVm7acLXejk_6EVIj62fVK-o0/viewform). All requests for access much be granted to the Catalyze Security Officer. 
10. Request for modifications of access for any Catalyze employee can be made using  this [form](https://docs.google.com/a/catalyze.io/forms/d/1ySICzCyEEdNqxHHErjlJqREBijwxs9z72L-rWXrxkm0/viewform).
10. Employees traveling to high risk areas, including all international travel, for business reasons are to speak with the Catalyze Security Officer prior to travel and upon completion of travel.

Commit message:

First check-in of policies.  These need to be renamed and re-ordered.  Basically, removing the top level folder and doing all modifications within the /hipaa folder directly.

employees_policy.md, after:

# Employees Policy

MolecularMatch is committed to ensuring all workforce members actively address security and compliance in their roles. As such, training is imperative to ensure an understanding of current best practices, the different types and sensitivities of data, and the sanctions associated with non-compliance.

## Applicable Standards from the HITRUST Common Security Framework

* 02.e - Information Security Awareness, Education, and Training
* 06.e - Prevention of Misuse of Information Assets
* 07.c - Acceptable Use of Assets
* 08.j - Controls Against Malicious Code
* 01.y - Teleworking

## Applicable Standards from the HIPAA Security Rule

* 164.308(a)(5)(i) - Security Awareness and Training

## Employment Policies

1. **Workforce Training**
	1. Records are kept for all training by the Security Officer, Privacy Officer, or designated Compliance or Training manager.
	2. Training is conducted either in person, in a webinar, or by a training manual. 
	3. All new workforce members within 60 days of employment receive training on:
		* Security policies and procedures, including operations security.
		* HIPAA including HIPAA reporting requirements, the ability to anonymously report security incidents, and the levels of compliance and obligations for the company, its Customers,  and its Partners.
		* Responsibilities and acceptable behavior regarding information system usage, including rules for email, Internet, mobile devices, and social media usage.
		* Remote (teleworking) workforce training including the risk, the controls implemented, their responsibilities, and sanctions associated with violation of policies. 
2. **Related Policies**
	1. All workforce members are granted access to formal organizational policies, including the sanction policy for violations.  
	2. Employees are directed to the *System Access Policy* for information and forms to either gain access to internal systems or to modify existing access.  
	3. Employees are directed to the *System Access Policy* section titled *Employee Workstation Use* to be educated and confirm they are using their workstations and other provided equipement appropriately. 
	4. Employees are directed to the *Approved Tools Policy* to verify that they are educated and in compliance with approved tools.
3. **Connecting to Production Environments**
	1. No mobile devices are allowed to connect to any production environment. 
	2. All access to production systems is accmplished through remote secure connections.  Workforce members are trained to use VPN (when available), but to otherwise use as a minimum SSH and SFTP access.
4. Employees traveling to high risk areas, including all international travel, for business reasons are to speak with the  Security Officer prior to travel and upon completion of travel.


Note:  Upon completion of training, workforce members complete this [form](https://).
