In addition to the General Terms and Conditions, use of the Catalyze Platform As A Service (PaaS) is subject to the following additional terms and conditions:##1	Additional Defined Terms“**Audit Logging**” means a secure storage Service for Customer Application and System logs that may be used for audit purposes. Specifics of the amount of log data stored and archival needs shall be separately defined by the underlying Service Order.“**Disk Encryption**” means that “data at rest” are encrypted on the hard disk(s) on which Customer Application is deployed.“**Encryption In-transit**” means that any and all network traffic to and from the Customer Application within the Catalyze Platform shall be encrypted.

“**Protected Health Information**” or “**PHI**” or "**ePHI**" shall have the same meaning as the term “protected health information” in 45 CFR § 160.103, limited to the information received by Catalyze from or on behalf of a Customer.

“**System Monitoring**" means monitoring services of Customer System. Some potential examples included, but are not limited to, tracking System performance, utilization, access controls, file integrity, and intrusion detection.##2	EncryptionAll PaaS Customers will have Disk Encryption enabled by default. All network traffic will have Encryption In-transit enabled by default. Catalyze Encryption Policies are outlined in detail [here](https://catalyze.io/policy/#data-integrity-policy).##3	Logging ServicesAudit Logging will be enabled on request by Customer. It is assumed that log data generated by Customer Application does not contain PHI. Only the most recent fourteen (14) days of log data will be indexed and available. Older logs will be archived. Catalyze Auditing Policies are outlined in detail [here](https://catalyze.io/policy/#auditing-policy).##4	Monitoring Services All deployments will have System Monitoring enabled by default. Additional access and enablement of custom monitoring rules can be enabled on request; Catalyze reserves the right to charge additional fees for custom monitoring rules. Catalyze Auditing Policies are outlined in detail [here](https://catalyze.io/policy/#applicable-standards-from-the-hipaa-security-rule91).##5 Term
The term of the Subscription Agreement shall be twelve (12) months and payable monthly from the Service Order Effective Date. Following the initial term, the Service Order shall automatically renew for an additional 12 months at the prices then in effect for Services unless either party provides sixty (60) days’ prior written notice of its intent not to renew prior to the expiration of the then current term. Provider may terminate this Service Order in accordance with the Subscription Agreement. Customer may terminate the Service Order under which such Services were ordered by providing written notice to Provider at least sixty (60) days prior to the termination effective date.  Customer shall have no right to terminate the Service Order unless the termination effective date is at least sixty (60) days after the Service Order Effective Date.*Last updated: 23nd May, 2014*