<h1 id="sla">Service Level Agreement</h1>


<h1 id="sla">Service Level Agreement</h1>

<h2 id="email-support">1.	Email support </h2>

Catalyze shall provide Customer email support, which shall be available Monday through Friday, 7:00 a.m. To 5:00 p.m. Central time, excluding holidays.<h2 id="phone-support">2.	Phone support </h2>
Catalyze shall provide Customer phone support, which shall be available Monday through Friday, 9:00 a.m. To 5:00 p.m. Central time, excluding holidays.<h2 id="service-availability">3.	Service availability</h2>
Catalyze will use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the availability of the Platform to Customer as follows:| Service Category	 | Availability/Response Time |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
|Monthly Availability | The availability percentage does not include interruptions due to Scheduled Downtime or Force Majeure.	99.9% monthly||Scheduled Downtime| 10:00 pm – 11:00 pm Central Time weekly on Saturdays, or as Catalyze otherwise notifies Customer no less than twenty-four (24) hours in advance, but in no event shall Scheduled Downtime exceed two (two) hours in any given week.  Any such outages in excess of this amount shall be considered Unplanned Outages (defined below).||Unplanned Outages (other than for system emergency)|Maximum 40 minutes over a reference period of 1 month, excluding Force Majeure.||Unplanned Outages for system emergency| 	Maximum 2 hours over a reference period of 1 month, excluding Force Majeure.  Catalyze will promptly notify Customer of any Unplanned Outage (whether or not for system emergency), including a description of the Unplanned Outage and the expected or estimated time until normal operations will resume. ||Average time for remedy of incidents (*Calculated as from opening until closing of a case.*)| 	< 4 hours for 90% of cases |
###3.1	Exclusions
Catalyze shall have no liability for lack of availability due to: (1) outages caused by the failure of public network or communications components, (2) user or Customer errors, or (3) unauthorized use or misuse by Customer or anyone using any of the Customer passwords, unless Customer has not taken industry standard steps to protect the Services from unauthorized access, intrusion, and disruption.  ###3.2	Customer Reporting
Customer shall report any unscheduled system downtime and any error, bug, or defect in the Services to the maintenance email support@catalyze.com promptly upon becoming aware or receiving notice of such system downtime, error, bug, or defect. ###3.3	Sole Remedies for Failure to Meet the Service Availability Level Commitment
For each calendar month in which Catalyze has Uptime of: **3.3.1**	less than 99.9% but above 95%, Catalyze shall upon Customer’s request made within thirty (30) days of the end of the calendar month, provide Customer with a written plan for improving Catalyze’s Service Availability to attain the 99.9% Service Availability and Catalyze shall promptly implement such plan; **3.3.2**	between 95% and 90%, Catalyze shall, upon Customer’s request made within thirty (30) days of the end of that calendar month, provide Customer with a service credit in an amount equal to one half of one month of service and the action plan under subpart (a) above; or**3.3.3** less than 90%, Catalyze shall, upon Customer’s request made within thirty (30) days of the end of that calendar month, provide Customer with a service credit in an amount equal to one month of service and the action plan under subpart (a) above. Customer may also terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days’ written notice (which notice must be given within sixty (60) days of the end of the calendar month in which the Service Availability was less than 90%).  Customer shall not exercise the rights in this Section 3.3 without a reasonable basis or belief that the applicable Service Availability commitment was not satisfied. If Customer believes that Catalyze has failed to achieve an Uptime commitment in any given month, Catalyze shall, promptly following Customer’s request, promptly provide a report that contains true and correct information detailing Catalyze’s actual Service Availability performance. THIS SECTION 3.3 SETS FORTH CUSTOMER’S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, AND Catalyze’S ENTIRE LIABILITY, SOLELY FOR ANY FAILURE TO MEET THE SERVICE AVAILABILITY COMMITMENT.
<h2 id="error">4.	ERROR CORRECTIONS AND UPDATES</h2>
###4.1	Definitions
**4.1.1**	“**Error**” means a failure of the Platform, including without limitation a failure to conform to the documentation, resulting in the inability to use, or material restriction in the use of, the Platform.**4.1.2**	“**Update**” means either a Hosting Service modification or addition that, when made or added to the Hosting Service, corrects the Error, or a procedure or routine that, when observed in the regular operation of the Product, eliminates the practical adverse effect of the Error. ###4.2	Updates
Catalyze makes commercially reasonable efforts to provide an Update designed to solve or by-pass a reported Error. Catalyze shall reasonably determine the priority level of Errors, pursuant to the following protocols and take the following actions during the Customer’s Support Center Hours.##4.3	Errors
**4.3.1	 Severity 1 Errors**:  Catalyze shall promptly initiate the following procedures: (1) assigns specialists to correct the Error on an expedited basis; (2) provides ongoing communication on the status of an Update; and (3) begins to provide a temporary workaround or fix.  A Severity One Error means the (i) production system is severely impacted or completely shut down, or (ii) system operations or mission-critical Services are down.**4.3.2	 Severity 2 Errors**:  Catalyze shall assign a Catalyze specialist to begin an Update, and provides additional, escalated procedures as reasonably determined necessary by Catalyze Support Services staff.  Catalyze exercises commercially reasonable efforts to provide a workaround or include a fix for the Severity 2 Errors in the next update or release.   A Severity Two Error means (i) the production system is functioning with limited capabilities, or (ii) is unstable with periodic interruptions, or (iii) mission critical Services, while not being affected, has experienced system interruptions. **4.3.3	 Severity 3 Errors**:  Catalyze may include an Update in the next release.  A Severity Three Error means there (i) are errors in fully operational production systems, (ii) is a need to clarify procedures or information in documentation, or (iii) is a request for a product enhancement.  ##4.4	Response Times
Catalyze will respond to Customer reports of a problem based on the severity. Upon receipt of a request for support or report of a problem, Catalyze will respond to Customer with an assigned level of priority based on the response times shown in the following table. 
|Priority	| Examples	| Initial Response Time |
|----------|----------|-----------------------||**Priority One:Emergency**. A crisis has occurred - a system is down, a major operational function is unavailable or a critical interface has failed|Production system is down or crashing frequently. A business critical operation cannot be performed|< 1 business hours||**Priority Two: Critical**. Any problem critical to Customer success and requiring immediate resolution|Any problem critical to Customer success and requiring immediate resolution |< 4 business hours ||**Priority Three:  High**. Priority three situations include problems to be resolved as soon as possible.  Most of these have acceptable workarounds, or the Product recovers by itself.|Errors in production systems but still fully functional. Malfunction in non-critical functions|< 1 business day||**Priority Four:  Normal** Priority four situations are technical questions or problems requiring resolution - many of which are of “how to” nature|Need clarification of procedures or information in documentation. Attributes or options do not operate as stated. Product enhancement requests. Documentation is incorrect|< 2 business days|<h2 id="conditions">5.	Conditions for providing support</h2>
Catalyze’s obligation to provide support services is conditioned upon the following:  (a) Customer makes reasonable efforts to solve the problem after consulting with Catalyze; and (b) Customer provides Catalyze with reasonably sufficient information and resources to correct the problem, as well as reasonable access to the personnel, hardware, and any additional systems involved in discovering the problem.<h2 id="exclusions">6.	Exclusions from Catalyze’s support services</h2>
Catalyze is not obligated to provide support services in the following situations: (a) the problem is caused by Customer’s negligence, hardware malfunction or other causes beyond the reasonable control of Catalyze; (b) the problem is with third party software not made available through or used by Catalyze; (c) the problem is with individual user’s desktop or browser software; or (d) Customer has not paid services fees under the Agreement when due.
*Last updated: 22nd May, 2014*