#Catalyze Terms of Service

## Effective date: April 1, 2014

- 1. Your agreement with Catalyze

- - 1.1 Your use of the Docker services are governed by this agreement (the "Terms"). "Docker, Inc." means Docker, Inc., located at 180 Sansome Street #1600, San Francisco, CA 94104, United States, and its subsidiaries or affiliates involved in providing the Docker Services. The “Docker Services” means the services Docker, Inc. makes available through this website and the dotCloud platform, including the dotcloud.com website, the dotCloud application platform, the dotCloud API, and any other software or services offered by Docker, Inc. under the dotCloud name. Your use of the docker.io website and the Docker open-source project ("Docker") is likewise governed by the Terms as described in more detail below.

2.3	Reservation of Rights.  Customer is entitled to access the Platform solely in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Provider and its third party suppliers and partners hereby reserve all rights, title and interest in and to the Platform, including without limitation all software used to provide the Platform and any associated Services and all logos and trademarks reproduced through the hosting system. This Agreement does not grant Customer any intellectual property rights in or to the Platform or Services or any of its components. Excluding any rights specifically granted in any Service Order, nothing in this Agreement will be deemed to grant any license therein.   Provider reserves all rights not expressly granted in this Agreement or any Service Order.


3.	Customer Obligations
3.1	No Resale.  The Platform are to be accessed by Customer and its Authorized Users only, and only for Customer’s Permitted Uses.
3.2	Support Obligations. Provider’s obligations to provide support services are subject to the following: (a) Customer shall reasonably assist Provider to duplicate and resolve errors, (b) Customer shall reasonably document and promptly report errors or malfunctions related to the Services to Provider, and (c) Customer shall use reasonable efforts to carry out procedures to remedy errors or malfunctions within a reasonable time after such procedures have been communicated to Customer.
3.3	Third-Party Agreements.  Provider may license technologies and products from third party suppliers and the underlying agreements may require Provider to include certain additional terms as part of the Platform. Where Customer requests, pursuant to an applicable Service Order, to interface or integrate with a third-party provider’s applications or services, Customer may also be required to review and agree to that third-party’s terms and conditions of use prior to Provider’s activation of that third-party service, and Customer acknowledges and agrees that Provider has no obligation or ability to influence or negotiate that third-party provider’s terms and conditions.  Provider shall notify Customer that such third party application or service is provided by a third party in the applicable Service Order, shall provide any additional terms and conditions to Customer for review prior to execution of the Service Order, and no additional fees except for those detailed in such Service Order shall be charged to or incurred by Customer.
3.4	      Access to Platform/ Restrictions.  Customer agrees not to: (a) access (or attempt to access) the administrative interface of the Platform by any means other than through the interface that is provided by Provider in connection with the Platform unless it has been specifically allowed to do so in a separate agreement with Provider; (b) attempt to disable or circumvent any security mechanisms used by the Platform or any Provider applications running on the Services excepting situations where Customer notifies Provider, in writing (with email accepted) of any such testing ; (c) engage in any activity that intentionally interferes with or disrupts the Platform (or the servers and networks which are connected to the Service); (d) rent, lease, lend, sell, sublicense, assign, distribute, publish, transfer or otherwise make the Platform available to any third party, except as expressly permitted by this Agreement; (e) use or authorize the use of the Platform in any manner or for any purpose that is unlawful under applicable law and/or by any unauthorized user - and in the event of any such unauthorized access or use, promptly to notify Provider; and (f) attempt to reverse compile, disassemble, reverse engineer all or any part of the Platform, Services or underlying software.  Customer may use the Platform only to develop and run its Customer Applications on Provider’s Platform. Customer shall not access the Platform for the purpose of bringing an intellectual property infringement claim against Provider or for the purpose of creating a product or service competitive with the Platform.
3.5	Prohibited Content.  Customer agrees that in conjunction with its access to the Platform that the Content displayed and/or processed and/or processed through Customer’s Application or other web sites utilizing Platform shall not contain any of the following types of content: 
3.5.1	Content that infringes a third party's rights (e.g., copyright) according to applicable law;
3.5.2	Excessively profane content;
3.5.3	Any hate-related or violent content or contains any other material, products or services that violate or encourage conduct that would violate any criminal laws, any other applicable laws, or any third party rights;
3.5.4	Content advocating racial or ethnic intolerance;
3.5.5	Content intended to advocate or advance computer hacking or cracking;
3.5.6	Gambling;
3.5.7	Other illegal activity, including without limitation illegal export of controlled substances or illegal software;
3.5.8	Illegal drug paraphernalia;
3.5.9	Phishing;
3.5.10	Malicious content, sending, uploading, distributing or disseminating or offering to do the same with respect to any unlawful, defamatory, harassing, abusive, fraudulent, infringing, obscene, or otherwise objectionable content;
3.5.11	Other material, products or services that violate or encourage conduct that would violate any criminal laws, any other applicable laws, or any third-party rights.
3.6	Prohibited email.  Customer may not and may not allow any third party to generate or facilitate unsolicited commercial email (“spam”) on or through the Platform, which includes but is not limited to:
3.6.1	sending email in violation of the CAN-SPAM Act or any other applicable anti-spam law;
3.6.2	imitating or impersonating another person or his, her or its email address, or creating false accounts for the purpose of sending spam;
3.6.3	unauthorized data mining any web property (including Platform) to find email addresses or other user account information;
3.6.4	sending unauthorized email via open, third-party servers;
3.6.5	sending emails to users who have requested to be removed from an applicable mailing list;
3.6.6	selling, exchanging or distributing to a third party the email addresses of any person without any legally required consent to such disclosure; and
3.6.7	sending unsolicited emails to significant numbers of email addresses belonging to individuals and/or entities with whom Customer or its Authorized Users have no preexisting relationship in violation of applicable law;
(a)	conducting or forwarding pyramid schemes and the like;
(b)	transmit content that may be harmful to minors;
(c)	Impersonate another person (via the use of an email address or otherwise) or otherwise misrepresent Customer or the source of any email;
(d)	Illegally transmit another's intellectual property or other proprietary information without such owner's or licensor's permission;
(e)	Use the Platform to violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others;
(f)	Promote or encourage illegal activity;
(g)	Knowingly interfere with other users' enjoyment of the Platform;
(h)	Sell, trade, resell or otherwise exploit the Platform for any unauthorized commercial purpose;
(i)	Modify, adapt, translate, or reverse engineer any portion of the Platform;
(j)	Remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices contained in or on the Services;
(k)	Reformat or frame any portion of the web pages that are part of the Platform’ administration display without Provider’s permission;
(l)	Use the Platform in connection with illegal peer-to-peer file sharing.
3.7	Customer Content on the Platform and Take Down Obligations.  Customer agrees and understands that it is solely responsible for the content of all visual, written or audible communications or any other material, including data files, written text, computer software, music, audio files or other sounds, photographs, video or other images (“Content”) displayed, uploaded, exchanged or transmitted by Customer on, through the Platform.  Provider shall not be liable in any way for the Content, including, but not limited to any errors or omissions in any Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of, access to, or denial of access to the Content. Provider does not endorse and has no control over what Customer or its end users post or submit to Customer’s Applications residing on the Platform and Customer agrees to the following provisions:
3.7.1	Customer agrees to promptly take down any Content that violates this Agreement, including pursuant to a take-down request from Provider. In the event that Customer elects not to comply with a request from Provider to take down certain Content, Provider reserves the right to directly take down such Customer Content or to disable Applications upon reasonable prior written notice.
3.7.2	In the event that Customer becomes aware of any violation of this Agreement by an User of Customer’s Applications, Customer shall promptly terminate such Users' account on the Customer Application. Provider reserves the right to disable Applications in response to a violation or suspected violation of this Agreement.
3.7.3	Customer agrees that it is solely responsible for (and that Provider has no responsibility to it or to any third party for) the Customer Application or any Content that it creates, transmits or displays while using the Provider Services and for the consequences of its actions (including any loss or damage which Provider may suffer) by doing so, except to the extent caused by the Services or Provider.
3.7.4	Customer agrees that Provider has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any Customer Content and other communications maintained or transmitted through use of the Service. 
4.	Licenses from Customer
4.1	License. Provider claims no ownership or control over any Customer Application or Content that is processed through Customer’s Application. Customer retains all copyright and any other rights Customer already holds in the Content and/or Customer Application, and Customer is responsible for protecting those rights, as appropriate.   By submitting Customer’s Application on or through the Platform, Customer grants Provider a worldwide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, publish, publicly perform, publicly display such Customer Application, including any of Customer’s trademarks or service marks, for the sole purpose of enabling Provider to provide Customer with the Platform and solely during the Term.  By submitting, posting or displaying the Content on or through the Platform Customer gives Provider a worldwide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, publish, publicly perform, publicly display such Content for the sole purpose of enabling Provider to provide Customer with the Platform solely during the Term.  Provider shall not:  (a) remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices contained in or on the Content or Customer Applications; (b) rent, lease, lend, sell, sublicense, assign, distribute, publish, transfer or otherwise make the Content or Customer Applications available to any third party, except as expressly permitted by this Agreement; (c) use or authorize the use of the Content or Customer Applications in any manner or for any purpose that is unlawful under applicable law; or (d) attempt to reverse compile, disassemble, reverse engineer, or derive the source code of all or any part of the Content or Customer Applications or underlying software.  Customer reserves all rights not expressly granted to Provider herein. 
4.2	Data Rights. Customer agrees that Provider may collect and use technical data and related information, including but not limited to technical information about Customer’s devices, Customer’s Application, servers, technologies, system and application software, and peripherals that Provider periodically gathers to facilitate the provisioning of Platform and its underlying software updates, product support and other services to Customer (if any) related to the Platform.  Customer agrees to and hereby grants to Provider a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid-up, sublicenseable license to use, reproduce, copy, modify, make derivative works  and otherwise exploit this technical data and related information as long as it is in a form that does not identify Customer or personally identify any end users of Customer and that it does not contain electronic Protected Health Information (“the ePHI”) in any form (de-identified or otherwise) and it is for the purposes of providing the Platform to Customer and for developing, enhancing and supporting the Platform and its technologies.
4.3	Customer Ideas. Customer may choose to or Provider may invite Customer to submit comments or ideas about the Platform, including without limitation about how to improve the Platform or products (“Ideas”). By submitting any Idea, Customer agrees that Customer’s disclosure is gratuitous, unsolicited and without restriction and will not place Provider under any fiduciary or other obligation, and that Provider is free to use the Ideas without any additional compensation to Customer, and/or to disclose the Ideas on a non-confidential basis or otherwise to anyone.
4.4	Rights to use Customer Marks.  Customer agrees that Provider, in its sole discretion, may use Customer trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, domain names and other distinctive brand features (“Marks”) in presentations, marketing materials, customer lists, financial reports and Web site listings (including links to Customer website) for the purpose of advertising or publicizing Customer’s use of the Services.


5.	Fees/Payment of Services/Taxes
5.1	Fees.  Customer shall pay to Provider the fees specified in a Service Order as executed by both parties.  
5.2	Invoicing and Payment. Provider shall invoice Customer for all fees for Services thirty (30) days in advance and payments are due on the 1st of each month.  All payments must be made in U.S. dollars.  In addition to all other remedies available under this Agreement or at law (which Provider does not waive by the exercise of any rights hereunder), Provider shall be entitled to suspend the provision of Platform if Customer fails to pay any undisputed amounts/fees when due hereunder and such failure continues for fifteen (15) days following written notice thereof. 
5.3	Taxes.  All payments required by this Agreement exclude all sales, value-added, use, and other taxes and obligations, all of which Customer shall pay in full, except for taxes based on Provider’s income or assets. 
5.4	Pricing.  The pricing for the Services will be set forth in each applicable Service Order with sufficient detail for Customer to be able to determine the cost associated with each Service. Provider reserves the right to unilaterally determine and modify its pricing for its Platform without any prior notice to Customer.  Where a Service Order is in effect, the pricing for the Platform shall remain at the agreed upon terms and conditions of that Service Order.  


7.	Compliance with HIPAA.  This Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions regarding both parties’ requirements or obligations under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended (“HIPAA”), and the Health Information Technology for Economics and Clinical Health Act of 2009 (“the HITECH ACT”), as both parties have agreed to in writing, as set forth in Exhibit “C” (the “HIPAA BAA”) which is referenced and fully incorporated herein.
8.	Confidentiality
8.1	Confidential Information. “Confidential Information” means any technical or non-technical information related to the past, current or proposed operations, products, technology, services, customers, suppliers, vendors, or business that one party (the “Disclosing Party”) discloses or otherwise makes available in any manner to the other party (the “Receiving Party”), or to which the Receiving Party may gain access in the performance of its obligations or the exercise of its rights hereunder, whether such information is disclosed orally, visually or in writing, and whether or not bearing any legend or marking indicating that such information or data is confidential, including without limitation software, know-how, processes, trade secrets, manuals, reports, procedures, and methods. Confidential Information also includes proprietary or confidential information of any third party that may be in the Disclosing Party’s possession, as well as the terms of this Agreement. The Receiving Party will not use any Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party for any purpose not expressly permitted by this Agreement.  Unless expressly permitted by this Agreement, the Receiving Party will not disclose the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party to any third party, except to those employees or contractors of the Receiving Party who have a need to know such Confidential Information for purposes of this Agreement and who have signed confidentiality agreements (or are otherwise under a duty of confidentiality) no less protective of Confidential Information than the terms of this Agreement. The Receiving Party shall take reasonable measures to protect the secrecy of and avoid disclosure and/or unauthorized use of the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information. Without limiting the foregoing, the Receiving Party will protect the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information from disclosure and/or unauthorized use in the same manner as the Receiving Party protects its own confidential or proprietary information of similar type and importance.
8.2	Exceptions. Confidential Information shall not include any information the Receiving Party can document: (a) was already lawfully known by the Receiving Party at the time of disclosure by the Disclosing Party; (b) was disclosed to the Receiving Party by a third party who had the right to make such disclosure without any confidentiality restrictions; (c) is, or through no fault of the Receiving Party has become, generally available to the public; or (d) was independently developed by the Receiving Party without access to, or use of, the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information.  The Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party to the extent that such disclosure is (i) approved in writing by the Disclosing Party, or (ii) required by law or by the order or a court or similar judicial or administrative body, provided that the Receiving Party notifies the Disclosing Party of such required disclosure promptly and in writing and cooperates with the Disclosing Party, at the Disclosing Party’s reasonable request and expense, in any lawful action to contest or limit the scope of such required disclosure.
8.3	Return of Confidential Information. The Receiving Party will, at its option, either return to the Disclosing Party or destroy all Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party in the Receiving Party’s possession or control and permanently erase all electronic copies of such Confidential Information promptly upon the written request of the Disclosing Party or the termination of this Agreement, whichever comes first. In addition, the Receiving Party will certify in writing signed by an officer of the Receiving Party that it has fully complied with its obligations under this Section 8.3.

9.	Representations and Warranties
9.1	By Provider

9.1.2	Disclaimer. EXCEPT AS EXPLICITLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE EXHIBITS ATTACHED HERETO: (I) THE PLATFORM AND THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” AND CUSTOMER’S USE OF THE PLATFORM IS AT ITS OWN RISK; (II) PROVIDER (INCLUDING PROVIDER’S THIRD PARTY SUPPLIERS AND PARTNERS AND EACH OF THEIR AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS AND RESELLERS) DO NOT MAKE, AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS, ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND TITLE, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, PERFORMANCE, USAGE, OR TRADE PRACTICE; AND (III)  PROVIDER DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE PLATFORM OR SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, OR ERROR-FREE, OR COMPLETELY SECURE.
9.2	By Customer.  
9.2.1	Customer Application.  Customer represents and warrants that, except to the extent caused by the Services or Provider, Customer’s Application and any associated services, products, materials, data, Content, and information used by Customer in connection with this Agreement as well as Customer’s access to and use of the Platform do not and will not during the term of this Agreement operate in any manner that would violate any applicable law or regulation, including HIPAA.  
9.2.2	Customer Data and Content. Customer hereby represents, warrants and covenants that any materials, data, content, and information uploaded, transmitted, stored, or created by Customer in the course of using the Platform will comply with all applicable laws.


10.	Term and Termination

10.4	Termination for Bankruptcy.  In the event of the bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation, winding up, reorganization, protection or relief of either party under any law of any jurisdiction, or upon issuance of any order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, or other similar official for such Party, the other Party may thereupon terminate this Agreement upon written notice to the first Party, without prejudice to any right or remedy that such other Party may have.
10.5	Effect of Termination. Upon the expiration or termination of a Service Order, Customer will cease using the Services under such Service Order and, excluding its obligation to pay all amounts owing under an applicable Service Order, be relieved from any additional obligation to make payments under such Service Order, and Provider will be relieved from any further obligation to provide the Services under such Service Order.  The following Sections will survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement and continue in full force and effect: 2.3 (Reservation of Rights), 5 (Fees/Payment for Services), 4 (Data Rights), 8 (Confidentiality), 9 (Representations and Warranties), 10 (Termination), 11 (Indemnification), 12 (Limitation of Liability), 13 (Dispute Resolution), 15 (Miscellaneous); and Exhibit C (“HIPAA BAA”).
11.	Indemnification
11.1	General Indemnification.  Each party (the "Indemnifying Party") shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless the other party and each of the other party's Affiliates, and each of the foregoing Persons' respective officers, directors, employees, agents, contractors, successors and assigns, (each of the foregoing Persons, an “Indemnitee") from and against all liabilities, losses, costs, damages, and expenses, including without limitation reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses  arising out of or resulting from any third party claim, suit, action or proceeding (each, an "Action") that such Action does or is alleged to arise out of or result from the Indemnifying Party's breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or obligation of the Indemnifying Party under this Agreement (including, in the case of Provider, any action or failure to act by any Provider Personnel that, if taken or not taken by Provider, would constitute such a breach by Provider or including, in the case of Customer, any action or failure to act by any Customer’s  or Customer’s Authorized Users that, if taken or not taken by Customer, would constitute such a breach by Customer);
11.2	By Provider.  Provider shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Customer and its Affiliates from and against all third party claims, suits, liabilities, losses, costs, damages, and expenses, including without limitation reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses, arising out of or related to any third party claim brought against Customer to the extent it alleges the Platform or the underlying software infringes any copyright, trade secret, patent or trademark or other proprietary right of any third party, provided that Customer provides Provider with (i) prompt written notice of such claim; (ii) control over the defense and settlement of such claim (subject to Customer’s rights to participate in the defense at its own expense); and (iii) proper and reasonable information and assistance to settle and/or defend any such claim.

11.3	By Customer.  Customer shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Provider and its Affiliates from and against all third party claims, suits, liabilities, losses, costs, damages, and expenses, including without limitation reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses, arising out of or related to any third party claim brought against Provider to the extent it alleges that Customer’s Applications or that Customer Application’s underlying software infringes any copyright, trade secret, patent, trademark or other proprietary right of any third party, provided that Provider provide Customer with (i) prompt written notice of such claim; (ii) control over the defense and settlement of such claim (subject to Customer’s rights to participate in the defense at its own expense); and (iii) proper and reasonable information and assistance to settle and/or defend any such claim. 
12.	Limitation Of Liability
12.1	 NEITHER PARTY AND THEIR THIRD PARTY SUPPLIERS OR PARTNERS SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY LOST REVENUE, LOST PROFITS, REPLACEMENT GOODS, LOSS OF TECHNOLOGY, RIGHTS OR SERVICES, LOSS OF DATA, OR INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, EVEN IF THE OTHER IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, WHETHER UNDER ANY THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE.
12.2	Maximum Liability.  Provider and Customer’s maximum aggregate liability to the other arising under or in connection with this Agreement will be limited to  total amount payable by Customer to Provider hereunder for the twelve (12) month period prior to the date the cause of action first arose


13.	Dispute Resolution 
13.1	Dispute Resolution.  Prior to the initiation of binding arbitration as detailed below, the Parties shall first attempt to resolve their dispute informally.  Every effort should be made to resolve all disputes.  The Parties, using negotiators with authority to enter into a settlement, will use their best efforts to arrange personal meetings and/or telephone conferences as needed.  
13.2	Binding Arbitration.  Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to the Agreement or the breach, termination, or validity thereof not settled through informal dispute resolution, except for temporary, preliminary, or permanent injunctive relief or any other form of equitable relief which shall be subject to the ruling of an applicable court of competent jurisdiction, shall be settled by binding arbitration in San Francisco, California and administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) and conducted by a sole arbitrator in accordance with the AAA’s Commercial Arbitration Rules.  The Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. Sec. 1-16, shall govern the arbitration to the exclusion of state laws inconsistent therewith or that would produce a different result, and any court having jurisdiction thereof may enter judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator.  Except as may be required by law or to the extent necessary in connection with a judicial challenge, or enforcement of an award, neither a Party nor the arbitrator may disclose the existence, content, record, or results of an arbitration.  Fourteen (14) calendar days before the hearing, the Parties will exchange and provide to the arbitrator: (a) a list of witnesses they intend to call (including any experts) with a short description of the anticipated direct testimony of each witness and an estimate of the length thereof and (b) pre-marked copies of all exhibits they intend to use at the hearing.  Deposition for discovery purposes shall not be permitted.  The arbitrator may award only monetary relief and is not empowered to award damages other than compensatory damages.  A short statement of the reasoning on which the award rests shall accompany an award for $50,000.00 or more. 
14.	Miscellaneous
14.1	Assignment.  Neither party may assign its rights or delegate its duties under this Agreement, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other party, except that each party shall have the right to assign this Agreement in whole as part of a corporate reorganization, consolidation, merger, or sale of substantially all of its assets on notice to the other party. Any attempted assignment or delegation in violation of this Section will be void. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding on, and shall inure to the benefit of, the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns.
14.2	Relationship. The Parties hereto are independent contractors. Nothing in this Agreement will be deemed to create an agency, employment, partnership, fiduciary, or joint venture between the parties. No party hereto (nor any agent or employee of such party) will make any representations or warranties or incur any liability on behalf of the other.
14.3	Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, each party agrees that such provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of the Parties, and the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. If necessary to effect the intent of the Parties, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to amend this Agreement to replace the unenforceable language with enforceable language that reflects such intent as closely as possible.
14.4	Electronic Signature.  Original signatures transmitted and received via electronic transmission of a scanned document (via secure email or a service such as provided by DocuSign) are true and valid signatures for all purposes hereunder and shall bind the parties to the same extent as that or an original signature.  This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to constitute an original but all of which together shall constitute only one document.
14.5	Waiver. No delay or omission by a Party hereto to exercise any right occurring upon any noncompliance or default by another party with respect to any of the terms of this Agreement will impair any such right or power or be construed to be a waiver thereof. A waiver by one of the parties hereto of any of the covenants, conditions, or agreements to be performed by one of the other parties will not be construed to be a waiver of any subsequent breach thereof or of any covenant, condition, or agreement contained herein.


14.8	Governing Law; Venue.   This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of California without reference to the conflict of laws provisions thereof. For any disputes relating to the interpretation, execution or enforcement of this Agreement or arising from the dealings between Provider, Customer and any third parties under this Agreement shall be dealt with under the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts of the State of California, sitting in San Francisco County, or the United States Federal Court for the District of California, and the parties irrevocably submit for all purposes to the jurisdiction of each such court.  
14.9	Force Majeure.  Neither Party shall be liable to the other Party or deemed to be in default for any delay or failure in performance of any obligation under the Agreement or interruption of service resulting directly or indirectly from acts of God, civil or military authority, acts of the public enemy, acts of terrorism, war, riots, civil disturbances, insurrections, accidents, fire, explosions, earthquakes, floods, labor strikes, the elements or any other cause beyond the reasonable control of such Party.
14.10	Export Regulations.  Customer agrees to comply with all applicable export and re-export control laws and regulations, including the Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”) maintained by the United States Department of Commerce.  Specifically, Customer covenants that it shall not, directly or indirectly, sell, export, re-export, transfer, divert, or otherwise dispose of any software, source code, or technology (including products derived from or based on such technology) received from Provider under this Agreement to any country (or national thereof) subject to antiterrorism controls or U.S. embargo, or to any other person, entity, or destination prohibited by the laws or regulations of the United States, without obtaining prior authorization from the competent government authorities as required by those laws and regulations.  Customer agrees to indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by law, Provider from and against any fines or penalties that may arise as a result of Customer’s breach of this provision.
